---
title: Reshade with LS
description : Guide for using Reshade with LS
id: reshade
---

There are two ways of using Reshade with LS:  

1. Reshade with the games themselves  
2. Reshade on LS app  

**Method 1** is quite simple: you just run the game with Reshade applied and working, and that's it.  

**Method 2** would enable Reshade to be applied to all the games/videos being scaled with LS. However, there is a caveat:  
- You would need a controller to use Reshade on LS itself.  
- Some people used this program to bypass this caveat: [Key2Joy](https://github.com/luttje/Key2Joy)
- You can just make Reshade presets and then copy-paste them into LS too, to avoid this problem.  

## Guide: (Method 2) - by DiceTsuki

**Important:**  
- Only XBox/XInput compatible gamepads can be used to navigate ReShade overlay when installed to LS.  
- Mouse and keyboard are not supported.  
  - *Alternative:* Use [Key2Joy](https://github.com/luttje/Key2Joy) 

### Installing ReShade  
1. Install ReShade (DirectX 10/11/12 Rendering API) to `LosslessScaling.exe`'s location.  
2. Extract `ReShade64.dll` from ReShadeSetup.exe with 7-Zip > Rename it to `dxgi.dll` > Move it to `LosslessScaling.exe`'s location.  
3. **Download this zip:** [ReShadeINI for Gamepad Support](https://drive.google.com/uc?export=download&id=1fYyEMXd0LxsZuokkA7GFAmkzjIf0nub9) 
4. Extract `ReShade INIs for Gamepad Support.zip` to `LosslessScaling.exe`'s location.  
5. Open ReShade overlay in-game (after activating LS) with a gamepad using this key combination:  
   `LB + RB + Start`  

---  

### Using Different ReShade Presets for Different Games  
1. Make multiple copies of the Lossless Scaling folder (with ReShade installed).  
   *Example:*  
   - `Lossless Scaling Game1`  
   - `Lossless Scaling Game2`  
2. Install the presets into their respective folders (e.g., Preset for Game1 into `Lossless Scaling Game1`).  
3. To play Game1 with LS, launch `LosslessScaling.exe` from `Lossless Scaling Game1`.  

### Notes  
- The LS copies share the same LS settings.  
- They don't share `config.ini`.  
- You can adapt settings inside `config.ini` for different games/apps.  
- If you use a custom GPU profile for LS, you need to create multiple profiles for each copy  
  (only relevant if the original custom GPU profile for LS uses absolute paths instead of the executable name).  

---  

### Explanation of `reshadex.ini` Contents  

**[GENERAL]**  
- EffectSearchPaths=.\reshade-shaders\Shaders\** -  EffectSearchPaths and 
- TextureSearchPaths=.\reshade-shaders\Textures\** - TextureSearchPaths  
- PerformanceMode=1  - ReShade will only compile activated shaders.

**[INPUT]**
- GamepadNavigation=1  - Enables launching ReShade overlay with a gamepad.

**[OVERLAY]**
- TutorialProgress=4 - Skips the first-time tutorial popup.

> *Credits - DiceTsuki*