---
title: Best Settings for LS
description : Guide for achieving optimum settings
id: bestsettings
---

>>### Due to varying hardware and other variables, there is no 'best' setting per se. However, keep these points in mind for better results :	
	
1.  Avoid maxing out GPU usage (keep it below 95%); either lower your graphics settings or limit your FPS. For example, if you get around 47-50 (or 67-70) base FPS without LSFG, then cap it at 40 (or 60) FPS before scaling.
2.  Flow Scale: 1080p - 80-100; 1440p - 65-75; 2160p - 40-50
3.  Base FPS: Minimum - 40 FPS; Recommended - 60+ FPS
4.  If you are struggling to get a stable base FPS, lower the in-game resolution, run in windowed/borderless mode, and use scaling + FG.
5.  Use RTSS (with Reflex Frame Limiter) for base FPS capping.
6.  Avoid lowering the queue target and max frame latency (ideally 2-5) too much, as they can easily mess up frame pacing. MFL to 10 has lower latency, but has chances of crashes in some cases.
7.  Adaptive and fixed decimal FG multipliers are heavier, but Adaptive offers better frame pacing. Use them if you have a little GPU headroom left; otherwise, prefer fixed integer multipliers.
8.  DXGI is better if you have a low-end PC or are aiming for the lowest latency. WGC (only on Windows 11 24H2) is better for overlay handling, screenshots, etc. (*Note: WGC is only slightly better, has higher usage than DXGI, and is the preferred option.*)
9.  It's better to turn off in-game V-Sync. Instead, use either the default sync mode in LS or V-Sync via NVCP/Adrenaline (with it disabled in LS). Also, adjust VRR (and its adequate FPS range) and G-Sync support in LS.
10. Be mindful of overlays, even if they aren't visible.
11. Disable Hardware Acceleration Settings (Do this only if there is some issue when these are on) :
    - In windows settings, search Hardware Accelerated GPU Scheduling.
    - In browser settings, search Hardware Acceleration.
12. To reduce ghosting: use a higher base FPS, lower fixed multipliers (avoid adaptive FG), and a higher flow scale.
13. Disable ULPS in Afterburner for AMD cards (optional, for specific cases only).

>### Use these for reference, try different settings yourself.	
